OSDOCS-18291:Update attributes and comp table in MicroShift v4.22 (#111809)
openshift/openshift-docs: microshift_cli_ref/microshift-usage-oc-kubectl.adoc

If you installed an earlier version of `oc`, you might not be able use it to complete all of the commands in {microshift-short} {product-version}. If you want the latest features, you must download and install the latest version of `oc` that corresponds with your {microshift-short} version.
====

> Using new capabilities often requires the latest `oc` binary. A 4.22 server might have additional capabilities that a 4.16 `oc` binary cannot use and a 4.22 `oc` binary might have additional capabilities that are unsupported by a 4.15 server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using new capabilities often requires the latest `oc` binary. A 4.22 server might have additional capabilities that a previous version of the `oc` binary cannot use. In addition, the 4.22 `oc` binary might have additional capabilities that are unsupported by a previous-version server.
```
